folks tonight in the vault shelf that
I'm putting together some tacos from
Mexico he's a real mexicana tacos this
is the kind of stuff you see down at
Taco Bell
these are the real deal tacos the way
they come down in the places I've been
in Mexico and that are really good but
they're not what you think they are so I
wish you exactly how I prepare the meat
with this whole taco dinner together and
I think you'd be pretty impressed with
the amount of results let's get started
all right
meat selection is very very important in
making your tacos you're not going to
need a ground beef for these forget that
it's not gonna work I don't even know
what they used to talk about but what i
do is i marinate my beef and i put a
little bit of onion and some jalapeno
with some fajita which is basically
flank steak yes we heated their res and
I just take a little bit not a lot
because the line will actually cook the
meat but I put a little bit of lime on
to my fajita and then this is a bauru
it's just some sort of Mexican seasoning
they use it's got I think different
things openly doesn't have any msg or
anything like that in it too much but
the most important thing here is a
little bit of cumin just a little bit
that's pretty strong
it's been sitting around in your spice
cabinet for a minute you probably got to
check it you need to keep that nice and
fresh even though it is a dried spice
and we're gonna let this mijita meat
marinate while we fire up our charcoal
grill and we're gonna be grilling this
thing off here in a minute
all right we got our coal just down to
some members or fajita is now nicely
marinated off put that right up on the
grill
these rednecks do it and last but not
least put this other little guy over
here
when you're known here whole thing isn't
gonna hurt anything gonna roast off
right there and the cooking process had
the overall flavor of the dish put the
top all right this big straight off the
grill still has a little bit of a pink
Center in Mexico no way they want this
stuff well done I'm up it's for sanitary
reasons or whatever but I've never met a
Mexican look like their carne asada
their tacos or anything like that
anything but well done for me
there's the first batch of the Vahid
ameet and down in Mexico they don't use
to have a hard shell or soft shell
though I mean you have flour tortillas
they have two T Ria's I don't know why
then we load them up to over like that
and then they just take with the meat
right on top of that just like that
that's how you get an order of Mexico
let's take these over and we'll dress
these up all right now for the toppings
well for one they've got a lot of
different kinds of cheeses of Mexico
that you've probably never heard of
cases there are okay Blanco
I like Mancha goat cheese on my tacos
the Mexico
that's probably similar to Monterey Jack
I've got a little bit here I got up
about local Mexican marcado that was
kind of graded up I believe it's a goat
cheese I'm not really quite sure
and then that were to put the pico de
gallo on here which is a Mexican spicy
relish with tomatoes and cilantro you've
seen this in my earlier video you know
exactly how to make that and of course
we're going to top this off with a
little bit of walk come over there
wouldn't be complete without it and then
I'm gonna use a little bit of chole
Lula's hot sauce I believe I'm
pronouncing that correctly that's what
they would have done it for some reason
on the counter put a little dab'll do
you write on there and if you visit the
big taste test those tacos were muy
bueno que Rico I think what this may not
be what they serve down there and old El
Paso but it didn't ship weird either
this is a real Mexican taco deal and if
you want to give this one a try you
can't go wrong with it it really is
quite good I've been going down to
Mexico since the 70s probably down there
40 times it's always the same drue
Mexican you probably ain't gonna do this
ready to do that Roy yeah so what I like
them teach like what I eat down there
anyone sophisticated as a palate as you
yet to do but this tastes like your
Mexican talk about of me
thanks for watching folks sub me if you
like my channel here I got a lot of
crazy stuff going on of course as always
and I like the video if you liked it you
know tell me why thanks for watching and
as always buon apetito